are you in the trophy buddy-cop said oh
yeah oh yeah that was a faux pas when
Yugoslavia how else I think she's too
high to worry about it
born in Novi Sad is now in what counts a
serviette that she's ethnic Hungarian
but now an American citizen and has lit
most of our life in America
and they're suggestive support such the
card I'm not exactly helping her
a long time I wasn't sure I would be
back and play tennis again and so many
emotions here from the first day until
the last day I had a great fun a lot
from some day one from Saturday's
offensive and in just amazing how it may
be possible I think you need to be here
today
what is my mom and my dad
no master then you can see how they said
it is very emotional
the two- think mark so many people like
the sponsors the morning for i would
like to thank you John
it's very amusing to hear back thank you
all miss you so much my company the
scope of the disaster this
although he is reporting us before the
amendment with Kenneth and since it was
important arrows meeting him and killed
him
unbelievable to be bad playing tennis
again and being happy and the woman who
could be so single-minded Romans thought
can be afflicted by such emotions but
then thought font wouldn't be surprised
of the play I would like to thank you
all for the have done lieutenant in
Canada over the last 17 years and I
think speaking in
in the future but it's not going to be
saying about coming back here and if
it's a the vice-president of tennis
Canada mr. Chinese in this country and
that's Monica re-emphasizing that oh
saying a minute ago about the cue ball
together
Thank You Lee the fact that some players
express themselves so well with a tennis
racket in their hand I think if you
graphs the same and when they have to
speak they are perhaps if you see the
vulnerable side of them until it's been
a very emotional week for Monica
we haven't seen it when the balls been
in play normally streaming off her
racket for a winner
while policy formalities continue that
completes our coverage of the tamari aka
you know Clinton we've survived the
Canadian heatwave the women's to an out
takes a weeks break before the US Open
in New York where there's also a heat
wave at present money where isn't there
a heat wave at present next women's
tennis on Eurosport is the European
indoors in Zurich and who knows maybe
Monica sellers will be in these ours for
Tyler there that's the first week of
October so now though this is Chris
flowers thanking you for staying up late
for the Monica Seles show from the
National Tennis Center in Toronto
survive